check out this week's must-see movies
juice super-powered former allies battle
each other and then must team up to
protect civilization in thor ragnarok
[Music]
a night owls life changes after a young
woman's car breaks down in Battle Creek
you know what amazes me about you could
be anything I'm a pretty amazing guy
three former military friends reunite in
last flag flying I'm taking Larry home
be there for your brothers that's all I
really matters see what's hot in
theaters with this week's fantasy
patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]